Add Prague sponsorship run of show (#1354)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/prague/2020/sponsors/prospectus.rst

Run of Show
===========

This Run of Show provides more context about the event and answers some common questions you may have.
Please let us know if there is any information missing that would be useful for you.

Sponsorship schedule
--------------------

* **SUNDAY**: The conference online platform is open. You are welcome to hang out at your sponsorship booth and attend the Writing Day, but no formal sponsorship events are happening. You're also welcome to lead a Writing Day project if your documentation is open source.

> * **MONDAY**: The conference platform opens at 8am, so we recommend arriving around this time to get the most interaction with attendees. This is the official start of the main conference talks, when sponsor booths will need to be staffed. The conference will run until around 5pm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **MONDAY**: The conference platform opens at 9am, so we recommend arriving around this time to get the most interaction with attendees. This is the official start of the main conference talks, when sponsor booths will need to be staffed. The conference will run until around 6pm.
```

> * **MONDAY**: The conference platform opens at 9am, so we recommend arriving around this time to get the most interaction with attendees. This is the official start of the main conference talks, when sponsor booths will need to be staffed. The conference will run until around 6pm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **MONDAY**: The conference platform opens at 9am, so we recommend arriving around this time to get the most interaction with attendees. The official start of the main conference talks is at 10am, when sponsor booths will need to be staffed. The conference will run until around 6pm.
```

> * **TUESDAY**: The Job Fair will be on Tuesday morning in the Sessions area of the online platform. The normal conference sponsorship activities and expo booths will be available all day Tuesday, but primarily on Tuesday afternoon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **TUESDAY**: The Job Fair will be on Tuesday morning in the Expo area of the online platform. It will take place in existing sponsorship booths. If you do not have a booth, a temporary booth will be set up for the job fair. The normal conference sponsorship activities and expo booths will be available all day Tuesday, but primarily on Tuesday afternoon.
```

See the :doc:`full schedule </conf/{{ shortcode }}/{{ year }}/schedule>` for exact timing details.

Sponsorship platform
--------------------

We will be using `Hopin <https://hopin.to/>`_ as our online conference platform. It has multiple unique spaces for attendees during the conference, and we hope it will allow for a good amount of interaction between attendees and sponsors.

We will open the online platform 1 week prior to the conference starting. You will be able to create an account and be assigned roles by us, but it won't become fully active until the Sunday of the conference.

Sponsorship spaces
------------------

A quick overview of the important spaces in the "venue":

* The *main stage* is where the talks happen. This is also where Lightning talks will be given.

> * The *Sessions area* is where the Unconference will happen. Sponsors will be assigned sessions at the scheduled time for their job fair "tables", and Expo booths will be available for the duration of the conference.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The *Sessions area* is where the Writing Day, Unconference and Social event will happen.
```

* The *Expo area* is where sponsors will be able to have booths available and the Job Fair will happen. You can provide videos that will play whenever attendees enter your booth, as well as chat or video-call directly with attendees.

> * The *Networking area* is where you can chat with a random attendee to get to know people. There is no specific sponsorship usage of this area.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

(we removed networking and replaced it with Hallway Sessions)
